# Privacy Disclaimer

**MemBrain** is an open-source Chrome extension that provides better access to AI models directly within the browser.
This extension facilitates easy chatting with various AI providers and models in Chrome side panels. Users could add any web pages or selection text as references in the chats, which could create high-quality AI replies.
This extension is designed to operates wihout its own servers. Users need to configure their own API keys to begin chat, and ALL communication occurs directly between the browser and AI model providers.

## We Do Not Collect Any Information

We don't have servers at all.

This extension communicates directly with AI model providers such as OpenAI, Anthropic, Google, etc., using API keys provided by the user.

The extension does not collect, store, or share any personal information, browsing history, API keys, or any chat history generated by the users or AI models.

## How We Use Your Information

As this Extension itself does not collect any user data, there is no personal information usage. However, chat history may be stored and used by AI providers, and it's fully decided by users to enable or disable certain providers in this extension.

## Data Security

We implement safeguards to ensure that any data processed during your interaction with the AI model remains secure and inaccessible to unauthorized parties. However, as no data is collected or stored, the risk of a data breach is minimal.

This extension is fully open-source and available on [github](https://github.com/fankaidev/membrain).

## Changes to This Privacy Disclaimer

We may update this Privacy Disclaimer occasionally. Any changes will be communicated by posting the updated Privacy Disclaimer on this page. You are encouraged to review this Privacy Disclaimer periodically for any updates.

## User Consent

By using this Extension, you are consenting to this Privacy Disclaimer and agreeing to its terms.

## Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Disclaimer, please create a [issue](https://github.com/fankaidev/membrain/issues) in our project.

# Chrome Web Store Privacy Details

## Single purpose

MemBrain is an open-source Chrome extension that provides better access to AI models directly within the browser.
This extension facilitates easy chatting with various AI providers and models in Chrome side panels. Users could add any web pages or selection text as references in the chats, which could create high-quality AI replies.
This extension is designed to operates wihout its own servers. Users need to configure their own API keys to begin chat, and ALL communication occurs directly between the browser and AI model providers.

## Permission justification

### SidePanel

SidePanel is used as the main area for chats and configurations.

### ContextMenus

ContextMenu is used to provide convenient access to AI with menus like "summarize this page" and "summarize selection".

### Tabs

Tabs permission is required because this extension needs to locate the active tab in current window, and then access the page content or selection content.

### ActiveTab

ActiveTab permission is required because this extension needs to access the current page content or current selection content with menu clicks.

### Scripting

Scripting permission is required because this extension needs to access the current page content or current selection content.

### Storage

Storage is used for user preferences, web page data and chat histories.

### Host permission

This exension needs to access page content when required by the user, which could be any web page.
Besides, this extension needs to visit various AI model providers, which could be easily customized by user.

### Remote Code

Not used.

## Data Usage

### What user data do you plan to collect from users now or in the future?

None
